Add example for CodeChecker cmd diff (#1927)
Ericsson/codechecker: docs/user_guide.md

In *local mode* the results of a local analysis (see `CodeChecker analyze`)
can be compared to the results stored (see `CodeChecker store`) on a remote

> CodeChecker server or two local analysis directory can be compared:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CodeChecker server or two local report directories can be compared:
```

CodeChecker cmd diff -p 8001 --basename my_project --newname my_new_checkin --new
```

**Note**: unique report identifiers are used to compare analysis results. For
more information see [analyzer report identification](report_identification.md)
documentation.

#### Example <a name="cmd-diff-example"></a>
Let's assume you have the following C++ code:
```cpp
int foo(int z)
{
  if (z == 0)
    return 1 / z; // Division by zero

  return 0;
}

int bar(int x)
{
  int y;
  y = x % 2; // deadcode.DeadStores

  return x % 2;
}
```

> If you analyze (`CodeChecker analyze -o ./test_report_dir

Reviewer: Maybe a `log` example would be nice here to get the `compile_command.json` file.

Let's store it to a running CodeChecker server with run name `test_run_name`
(`CodeChecker store -n test_run_name ./test_report_dir`).

Now let's fix one of the previous warning in the `foo` function and create a
new function which contains a new warning:
```cpp
int foo(int z)
{
  if (z != 0)
    return 1 / z;

  return 0;
}

int bar(int x)
{
  int y;
  y = x % 2; // deadcode.DeadStores

  return x % 2;
}

void baz(int *p)
{
  if (!p)
    *p = 0; // core.NullDereference
}
```
Analyze the above code again with CodeChecker to the same report
directory (`CodeChecker analyze -o ./test_report_dir compile_command.json`).
If you parse the results (`CodeChecker parse ./test_report_dir`) you will get
a `deadcode.DeadStores` warning in the `bar` function and a
`core.NullDereference` warning in the `baz` function but the previous warning
in the `foo` function will be disappeared because we fixed it.

Now let's compare our local report directory (`test_report_dir`)
to the results stored on a remote CodeChecker server previously
(`test_run_name`). We have 3 options:
  - Show results that didn't exist in the remote run but appear in the local
  report directory (`new`):

>   `CodeChecker cmd diff -b test_run_name -n ./test_report_dir --new`

Reviewer: Maybe explicitly writing out the full argument name would help the understandability.
```suggestion
  `CodeChecker cmd diff  --basename test_run_name --newname ./test_report_dir --new`
```
